As the topic for our project should be related to "battle of neighborhoods", I've decided to compare districts of Moscow, Russia. 
There are 119 districts and I'm going to analyze the following parameters for every district. In my analysis I would like 
to analyze Moscow foursquare data on macro level as well as to analyze some socioeconomic indicators related to these districts 
(i think the most appropriate indicators could be population, population density, real estate price, work/residential district).
Using this information, I'm going to analyze Moscow districts from two points - my own analysis of selected data and analysis of 
foursquare data. 

As a result, my work will consist of three parts:
1. use of my sources of statistic inforation for every district of Moscow: data extraction from web-sources i will find relevant 
for the analysis, cleaning and preparation of data. Finally for this point, I will group districts based on their similarities on 
population density real estate prices (e.g. groups of 'cheap' real estate less than 2.500 US dollars, medium prices up to 
4.000 US dollars, expensive housing with prices above 4.000 US dollars) and work/residential feature of every district (e.g. working 
district could be considered as the one where 60% of population live constantly and 40% are people who come there for workin hours 
from other parts of Moscow, however - this estimation is intuitive, i chose this proportion as there is a share of people who work 
and live at the same district). 
2.analysis of foursquare venues in Moscow and clustering them as we did in manhattan neighborhoods lab. 
3. after i get information on socioeconomic indicators in the format i need, as well as i conduct 
the analysis of foursquare data using clustering, i'm going to integrate foursquare results analysis with clustering i've got on
socioeconomic indicators analysis. As a result, i could get explanation why certain venues in some districts are the most popular.
I will formulate certain hypotheses and prove them using the analysis results from point 1 and 2.


I hope that economic indicators will be helpful to explain information on foursquare venues that are typical for certain district. 
The information I get will be helpful to find similarities among districts, benchmark the most popular districts venues and 
elicit some new business opportunities based on absence/presence of venues in similar districts. I also hope that combination of 
some statistics information with Foursquare data would be unique to some extent.

I understand that the results of my work would an overview as there will be no any advices in what neighboor it is fine to open a 
new coffee shop. However, my research could help to understand the overall situation in every Moscow district and find out what 
business opportunities (related to eating/entertainment business) are hidden in every district of Moscow (e.g. to find two 
districts with similar socio-economic features and reveal that some venues that are very popular in one district could also be 
popular for another same one). 

So that the results of my research will be helpful for people who study city environments to develop their business as well as 
people studying what Moscow district to move based on its features I've got in this research (by the way Moscow is the most dynamic 
Russian location right now and there is huge migration inflow out of other country regions), interested parties for this research 
could also be sociologists who study city environments. Nowadays Moscow is rapidly changing and there is high attention for urban 
studies there. I hope some insights into this area will make a little contribution into knowledge of current state of affairs 
in Moscow.